1. Hours to complete the project: 10 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Brute-force Implementation): I encountered several errors while I was doing this problem, especially 
                                          on the part that requires to find the nearest point on the method overloads,
                                          once I see the notes and the checklist how to implement and return the 
                                          point on the nearst2D iterable obj, I understood why i was getting those
                                          errors, then I solve them after different trails. The other thing is the TA go over 
                                          the problems by showing a graphical example so that makes it easier to understand
                                          the purpose of the project. 

   Problem 2 (2d-tree Implementation): This project is very challenging, I was having a hard time even understanding the concepts
                                       change it into codes, so I have to watch some of the youtube tutorials that has provided 
                                       by the instructor and I attended two of the TA section that is given to cover the problems.
                                       The TA showed the difference between the brute-force project and 2d-tree implementation.
                                       She showed us how to dissect the rectangles and deal with different coordinates and points using 
                                        roots and nodes in BTS.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

Fatemeh Afrasiabi       SI         Go over the problems by going in detials
                                   on the abstract consepts of the project.

 Swami Iyner           Prof.       Watched the youtube on the Kd-trees projects.



4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   ...
