1. Hours to complete the project: 13 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Board Data Type): I got so many errors especially on computing the 8 puzzles using A* algorism, 
                                and the hardest part of problem is figuring out how to re-arranging the numbers 
                                in the blocks and knowing the difference between hamming and manhattan in 
                                the problem, but after I saw a youtube tutorial by Prof. Swami Iyer, and 
                                attending the SI section I got the visual representation of the project, 
                                so it makes easier and I was able to solve all the errors that I got from 
                                the program. 

   Problem 2 (Solver Data Type): I was encountering some errors in the solver method, but they were not that much 
                                 a big deal, it was syntax errors which I was forgetting how to implement correctly   
                                 some objects in the problem. In general, I find problem 2 eaiser than problem 1
                                because the details and directions to solve the problem was given in the project
                                 pdf file and checklist, and also attending the SI helps too.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

 Swami Iyner           Prof.       Watched youtube videos.

Fatemeh Afrasiabi       SI         Go over the problems one by one
                                   and gave a visual representation to show how A* algorism works
                                   by using tables with numbers.


4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   One of the challenging problems in this class so far. It was fun! 
   I enjoyed when I realized that it can be done a lot with just Arrays and 
   For loops. it is actually like solving a real puzzle.
