1. Hours to complete the project: 10 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Autocomplete Term): I did the exercises first so it was good practice to understand 
                                and work on the project, pretty much they have the same concept 
                                which is focusing on datatypes and Comparator class and CompareTo method. 
                                However, I had a difficult time on Helper reverse_weight comparator 
                                because I did not know that I have to implement a compare method with 
                                local Term variables v, and w, after reading the direction and hints 
                                for the project, it gave a background to work on the project.
 


   Problem 2 (Binary Search Deluxe): This one is very interseting and challenging problems, first I did not
                                    understand whats binary search before the lecture given the class. After
                                    the instructer and SI go over the consept for the bineary search Algorithm
                                    I could able to solve the problem. It is also very similar to merge sort too.
                                    I was confused with that because for both of them you to took the half and
                                    compare to the low and high values in the object but the only difrence with
                                    merge sort is it does not involves sorting.

  Problem 3 (Autocomplete): This problem is very challenging compared to the others since it co-dependent with    
                             binary search deluxe and it involves sorting method. The SI gave us an example of 
                            a list of strings to understand this problem, that gave me a better picture of how
                             problem works and how it uses Binary Search Deluxe to find the matches. 
   
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

 Fatemeh Afrasiabi       SI         Go over the problems, explains the expectations
                                    for the problems and elaborate on what is Binary Search. 

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   ...
