1. Hours to complete the project: 12 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Deque): First I had a difficult time understanding the difference between Qeque and Stack,
                      but after I attended the SI section, the SI go over the problem by showing
                      a graphical representation. And I reviewed the class slides was helpful. 
                      at least to understand some of the implementations that are used in the project. 
                      Then after I followed the instructional comments & hints that are given on 
                      the checklist page to implement variables and create objects, and perform 
                      tasks in each given methods.

   Problem 2 (Random Queue): Having background on the exercises and the first project gave me confidence about
                            Queues in general, this problem just asking to utilize random queues, so it was
                            not that challenging if you understand the concepts from the previous project. One
                            error that I was kept getting which was about the adjustment of the array index, 
                            which I kept getting Index_Out_of_Bound error. Later on, I figure out when i go to
                            the next list,I had to update the current list.

   Problem 3 (Subset): This problem was fun and straight forward. Everything needs to know given on 
                       the checklist of the project hint section which means there are no abstract ideas. 
                       Since I became more familiar with enqueue and dequeue in the Queue list object, 
                       I was able to understand and solve this problem. 
   
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Fatemeh Afrasiabi      SI         Understanding the general consept about
                                     the projects.

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   ...
